update doc for release 0.6.0 (#100)
openelb/website: content/en/docs/getting-started/configuration/configure-multiple-openelb-replicas.md

weight: 4
---

This document describes how to configure multiple openelb-speaker instances to ensure high availability in a production environment.

The `openelb-speaker` is deployed as a `DaemonSet`, which means an instance of `openelb-speaker` will be started on each node in the Kubernetes cluster.  If the number of nodes is large, the number of openelb-speaker instances will also be large.

In BGP mode, all openelb-speaker instances will respond to the BgpPeer configuration and attempt to establish a BGP connection with the peer BGP router by default. If the router is configured with BGP peer information for all nodes and establishes BGP connections with all of them, it can lead to significant load on the router.To mitigate this, you can use methods such as `nodeSelector`, `Node Affinity`, or `Taints and Tolerations` to schedule `openelb-speaker` only on specific nodes. This reduces the number of BGP connections and alleviates the load on the router. It is important to ensure that at least two instances of `openelb-speaker` are running under each router to maintain high availability.

> In layer2 or vip modes, if you want only certain nodes to handle traffic, you can also use `nodeSelector`, `Node Affinity`, or `Taints and Tolerations` to schedule `openelb-speaker` on specific nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Layer 2 or VIP mode, if you want only certain nodes to handle traffic, you can also use `nodeSelector`, `Node Affinity`, or `Taints and Tolerations` to schedule `openelb-speaker` on specific nodes. 
```
